Yo :) it’s Yash and Andrea! 
Welcome to the founder/mode journal! 
In each issue, we break down successful Linkedin posts so you can reverse engineer them for your own content. 
Btw we’re shipping founder/mode v2 this fall! Subscribe to to get your first month for free :) 

This week we’re breaking down posts from James Hawkins, co-CEO of PostHog. 
His ironic humor and self-aware memes effectively position him--and by extension, PostHog--as approachable, authentic, and memorable. 
Let’s get into it! 
James uses ironic exaggeration and self-deprecation to dismantle typical startup clichés (like big announcements or AI-driven hype). This form of humour reduces barriers, signalling humility and authenticity — great way to play the game while making fun of the game. 
James consistently leverages meme-culture as identity markers—transforming himself from a standard CEO into a relatable persona (I particularly liked his title, “hedge honcho”). This playful identity-building increases affinity through familiarity and fun. 
I think because his meme-based approach contrasts so sharply with traditional LinkedIn content, it captures attention by almost showing how absurd “LinkedIn Speak” is. You instinctively pause to read it. 
There is a theme to this absurdity though. Jame’s memes often riff on universally understood startup pain points (e.g., excessive AI hype or generic "announcement" posts), activating readers' (other founders) sense of shared experiences. 
Decision makers at enterprises tend to be “serious” people, and maybe turned off by this approach. Of course PostHog probably has an A+ sales team to deal with these folks, but there are some deals the hedge honcho must be involved in. Maybe I’m wrong here though! 
Continued reliance on a specific meme style can risk audience fatigue. It’s also super hard to come up with genuinely funny content so consistently. If someone is handling Jame’s socials, they deserve a raise! 
→ Use humor strategically. Thoughtful self-deprecation makes you approachable and relatable. Do it tastefully though! This is one of those things that really stinks if done badly. → Pattern interruptions are powerful. Deviating from the norm can significantly boost engagement and memorability. 

Alrighty that’s all! 
Until next time, 
Yash & Andrea 
Thinking of posting more on socials / building distro / attracting leads as a founder? Try founder/mode—we help founders turn unstructured ideas into engaging, meaningful posts. 