There’s a blunt way founders often ask me about ghostwriters: 
“Why do some people charge $500 a month to write LinkedIn posts, and others charge $10,000?” 
Both groups write posts. Both groups use AI. Both promise to “grow your audience.” 
What’s the difference? 
Thought I’d deviate from the standard newsletter format to formulate my thoughts. 
AI has made content creation extremely cheap. 
Today, you’re paying for editorial judgement, creativity, and trust. Not for words. 
Great writers are expensive. Unicorns (great but cheap) writers exist, but generally you get what you pay for. 
If you’re not ready to spend at least ~$2.5k on a writer, you’re better off spending $20 on software. Don’t spend anything in the middle! 
DIY or hire an AI ops whiz to set up a workflow for you. 

Thanks for reading :) Subscribe to get 1 month off on founder/mode v2. 
The ghostwriting market is SUPER crowded right now. Everyone and their third cousin is “storytelling” for founders. 
That’s the $500 ghostwriter: interchangeable, easy to find, competing in an endless sea of knowledge workers who were frustrated with their 9-5 jobs, and saw ghostwriting as a way to reclaim their life, and because Dickie Bush told them so. 
At $10k, writers have reputations. They’ve built a niche, have a specialty, and/or developed a brand strong enough that people come to them. You will almost never get an inbound email from an elite writer. Chances are you will approach them. 
In a weird way, AI is a great litmus test for ghostwriting quality. 
The $500 ghostwriter uses it to generate content. The posts might read fine, but they’re generic by design. They may have style i.e. linkedin-specific aesthetics, but they will never have substance. To be clear: this approach does work at a certain level, esp when you’re going 0-1 with your content / building your content muscle. All I’m saying is you don’t need a human to get here. 
The $10k ghostwriter uses AI to ingest - not to write. They’ll feed in your podcast appearances, fundraising assets, transcripts from sales calls, or random voice notes, and use the LLMs to surface themes and insights you would have missed. The final writing is human, but it’s powered by extremely high fidelity context. 
A $500 ghostwriter speaks in generalities. Cover the username, and the content could belong to anyone. 
A $10k ghostwriter speaks a dialect. More importantly, they speak YOUR dialect. They’ve immersed themselves in your vertical and can mirror how insiders actually talk. 
Typically you’ll see these writers as part of your “scene” online, and they won’t need handholding when it comes to the unsaid / unwritten rules of your industry. 
Content is cheap. Strategy is not. 
The $500 ghostwriter delivers output. Their deliverables will typically be based on quantity - 20 posts per month, 30 posts per month, etc etc. 
Elite ghostwriters are more strategic in their approach. They have the ability to determine what to say, when to say it, and how often it needs to be repeated. They’ll give you the narrative you need to own right now. That one piece of content that could influence your fundraising, close that hire, or reposition your company. High-end ghostwriting is less about word count and more about leverage. 
Ofc these are broad rules based on what I’ve seen in the space. Price by no means is the only indicator of quality, but generally you do get what you pay for. 
If you’re hiring, here are a few more signals that separate the emerging writers from the elites: 
access to you: Do they have a system to capture your voice without wasting your time? 
thought-partners Will they push back when your ideas aren’t working? 
distro: Do they understand what happens after a post goes live? 
narrative: Can they connect posts into a story arc over months, not just one-offs? 

The $500 vs. $10k framing is blunt, but it’s useful. Post-AI, you’re not really paying for words. You’re paying for judgment. 
My honest opinion (even though this will probably piss some people off) is that if you’re not willing to spend at least ~$2500 on your content, it’s probably not worth it at all. 
You’d be better off building a multi-agent workflow yourself (or spend that $$ to hire someone who can do so) 
Until next time, 
Yash 